01:13 PM 04/30/01:
  ow...  It's been awhile since last update (2 weeks).  Here's what's going down.  I thought
about regularly updating my Audio Plugin, but I decided it wasn't in the best interest of TR64.
So all my changes from the last public release won't be seen until WIP6.  It's up to v0.13 which
fixes major emulation issues in Cruisin USA, MKT, Robotron, and Rampage (others I assume).  What
else?  I've been trying to fix the skullkid laugh bug... but I think I will wait until save states
work correctly in a zilmar spec emu or I get my audio stuff ported to a nemu audio.dll (NO!  It will
absolutely not be released to the public).  I have been learning how to do console windows (like
the windows thing does for a dos command prompt within windows).  It's not hard but it's too much
work imo.  I will need to spend sometime on this.  Oh duh... I am doing this for an UHLE-like debugger.
Where is RM to do my GUI coding when I need him....  though psi prolly did it anyway. l8r g8r.
(Azimer)

02:25 PM 04/14/01:
  Happy easter everyone... although it's tomorrow.  I decided to take this time to makes an
offical layout of what I plan on doing.  This way... It's concrete (and I quit switching from
project to project).  I noticed something bad when I was running LaC's Audio Monitor rom on my
Audio plugin.  It's not accurate... or even CLOSE to what it should sound like (what my LLE does,
and what LaC's HLE does).  My plugin is good... but it's not perfect.  Bummer eh?  So first on the
list is making a new HLE Audio Plugin concentrating COMPLETELY on quality.  Next, I've been
messing with 3D stuff... no RDP Graphics... Just 3D.  So I want to keep learning this... perhaps in
time to help my new coder with his 3D work.  Next, I have Apollo is a million pieces trying to rewrite
COP0 and put in new exception handling...  I want to finish this up...  as well as the GUI parts
I added.  hmm... what else... I need to finish up my Dynarec... and umm... yeah... well... It's
obviously in order of priority.  With my waning interest in the project as a whole, I'd like to
get one more person on the team full time.  Those company guys have shown renewed interest but
only time will tell if I can meet thier demands before their happy to help.
	1. 100% Audio HLE
	2. Learning 3D
	3. Finish COP0
	4. Finish GUI Enhancements
	5. Complete Dynarec
	6. Get Apollo to be more likable by The Company
hasta luego
(Azimer)

01:36 AM 04/06/01:
  Do you forgive me?  I hope.  Been 1 month and 2 minutes since I last posted to this
devlog.  lol... kinda funny eh?  What's new with me?  Lots...  I wanted to release
Apollo v0.01e on April 1st, 2nd, or 3rd... but something truly amazing happen.  Someone
legitimately found interest in helping me with the project.  At first I thought he just
wanted to take it over but he wants to help an existing author.  So far he's done a great
deal of work on the debugger I started writing last week and last weekend to get away from
the audio plugin.  Since he's joined, I've added 100% zilmar spec except I have a few OpenGL
issues to deal with (Threading...) and I have heard audio for the first time in Apollo :)
That was truly amazing.  TR64's input works fine (though it lags the emu when it first starts
up.  I think I will eventually write my own input plugin... yes... I think so. :)  lemmesee.
My .plan for the weekend is to add all the things v0.01d was suppose to have and clean up
the source code.  I will then probably start making my interpretive compatible again.  Now
that I have a debugger, it should be easier to find where things occurred... I have some
features to add to the debugger which my new co-author hasn't but that will also be done.
long update... but it's been a long time.  peace and god bless :)  ciao.
(Azimer)

01:34 AM 03/06/01:
  I feel so lonely... no Company. :)  Bad pun... oh well.  Anyway... I restarted
beta testing for Apollo.  A select 4 people have gotten the chance to be part of the
team.  You will recognize them as webmasters for a couples sites who were in the right
place at the right time.  I am sure you will see screenshots and reports next week from
then in regards the beta I plan on giving them Friday.  Just to let you know I am still
kicking... I just don't care to be so public... It was never really my intent to publicize
this emulator in the first place.  Now I feel obligated to provide more support with the
increased visitors.  ciao.

02:32 AM 02/18/01:
  Ahh... I feel so much better.  Times have been tough for me lately.  Many of you
know of the personal problems I've suffered last November from the breakup of my gf
and I.  Well... the medicine I've been put on causes me a lot of apathy and depression.
not good. :(  So I ended up screwing my current semester in school.  I am thinking about
transferring to a new school too which is VERY BAD is I screw up this semster. DDD:
Anyway... I went home last Thursday so I can sort some thoughts out and believe me...
your home is the safest place on the planet. :P  I sorted a bunch of shit out in my
head and I am ready to tackle the rest of the semester.  Though I will be dropping
down to 12 credits, I will be doing so with a clear head (after my doctor takes me off
this stupid zoloft).  So that's my current status.  As for Apollo, I haven't heard much
from either two of the people I added to the team recently.  I should send them out
another email tomorrow when i get back to school.  I'd like to know when/if they will
be working on the project so I know if I should stop seeking help or if I should even
keep working on it solo.  Personally, I would almost rather just work on it myself since
I do know my own reliability.  Just a random thought, but have any of you seen Hannibal
yet?  I wonder if it's a good movie to see. :)  Lemme know if you even see this devlog.
I know some of you do read it... makes me cry with happy tears. :') LOL... okay. nuff
being stupid.  Another status report in a couple days once I get back into the swing
of things.  ciao

07:24 AM 02/12/01:
  We will see if anyone notices this. :)  So what's up with Apollo?  What's not up
with Apollo... that is the real question.  Looks like the public has been fooled into
believing Apollo died because of a misunderstanding.  Hehe... this makes me feel
more comfortable knowing my site gets only 600-700 hits/day rather then 4k/5k has is
has been through most of January.  So in this way it's good since now I can focus on
restructuring Apollo's source as well as aquainting my new team to the source code.
As far as TR64 goes and the mysterious Audio mp3s going around... it's all good.
Those who are reading this will see it in WIP6. :)  SWEET! l8r.

03:40 PM 01/02/01:
  I missed the release date... :(  Oh well... I am doing everything I should have
done before the release but wouldn't have gotten done.  I hope to be finished soon.

12:33 AM 12/30/00:
  ANOTHER uneventful day of debugging the stupid CPU... Still no progress so guess
what?  I quit :)  I am just going to fix a few things up and release.  I am tired
of messing with this BS.  Once a release is made, I will go back in my lil corner
of the world in quiet and rewrite the CPU from the ground up with one thing on my
mind.  100% perfect emulation.  *sigh* I go now :) Bye

03:34 AM 12/29/00:
  Today was much slower then yesterday... I spent the whole day debugging my r4k.
Unfortunately, I found no bugs!!!  So... Why isn't my f***ing core not compatible
when I find no bugs?!  hrm... Oh well... ~10 hours of work down the drain...
Something funny happen today... This dude on #emulation64 said Apollo has little
to no improvements since last release.  And he also stated that Apollo should
play games which other emulators don't.  Well... for that kind sir a big stfu. :)
This isn't "lets become an elite emulator in 21 days".  Anyway... I tested a few
roms I have on CD.  The follow don't work because of Access Violation (Trying to
access N64 Memory which isn't defined): Perfect Dark, MKT, Bomber Man Hero, 
Castlevania64, Cruisin' USA, and NHL Breakaway '99.  Clayfighter 63 1/3 Errored
out when $zero became nonzero (resetting it to zero didn't help).  And 1080
SnowBoarding has a Bad PI transfer size error.  I tried to debug all day but I am
getting rather sick of it.  I might release with CPU errors.  I just want to let
everyone experience my work.  Tomorrow I plan on finishing up what I didn't do
today.  I am still hoping for a release before December 31st at 11:59PM CST.

04:17 AM 12/28/00:
  Wow... busy day today...  I am so tired now too.  I think I will stop... Apollo
now plays Zelda: Majora's Mask.  I took a couple screenies using RCP's plugins.  I
will post them on the Apollo Messageboard.  I don't want to over clutter the front
page with news posts so this devlog is working really well. Now that Zelda MoM is
working, I have interest in figuring out FlashRAM.  However, I need to get a few
other things done on my todo list and if FlashRAM isn't done by the time Apollo
needs to be released, then so be it.  Apollo isn't fast enough to play the entire
game anyway. :)
(Azimer)

03:14 AM 12/28/00:
  Just added boot code detection.  Seems to work okay... trying to figure out why
1080 is give me bad PI transfers and Banjo Kazooie is stalling.  I have a few ideas
but no one is up to listen and offer their experienced opinion.  Things are starting
to look really good for Apollo.  :)
(Azimer)

10:50 PM 12/27/00:
  I got SRAM working not too long ago...  You can see a screenshot of Zelda64 in action
using RCP's D3D plugin: http://apollo.emulation64.com/sram.jpg.  Now that Zelda64 works
pretty nicely, it's time to fix that evil CPU bug which makes him blink then go into
dynarec/rewrite mode.
(Azimer)

11:46 AM 12/27/00:
  I added co processor unusable exception handling to COP1 and it fixes the Mario64's
stray triangles.  The Zelda64 bug is still present and is probably just a bug in a CPU
opcode.  During the rewrite, these issues should be fixed.  The freezing bug has been
fixed also.  I found an error in the code Phrodide wrote for VSync detection.  The
counter he used would overflow and cause the emulator to freeze.  I might fix up
Apollo as much as possible and release v0.01d before completing the rewrite. v0.01e
should be the rewritten version with my partial dynarec.
(Azimer)

11:40 AM 9/2/00  :
  It's been more then a month since I've updated this long.  Well guess
what?  Nothing's happen since the last update.  Not anything worth mentioning here.
Phrodide is very busy... so in his absence I have taken control of the source code.
I pray no problems arrive when he decides to come back.  More frequent updates can
be expected.
(Azimer)

11:45 AM 7/30/00 :
  I am leaving the project until I can continue work on it.  Call it a vacation. :P 
I have also removed all previous news posts since phro's announcement and devlog 
posts until that time also.
(Azimer)


