The Adventures of an Emulation Programmer

7:51 PM 4/11/2013 - Progress
   I Will be shocked if anyone still reads this.  I decided awhile back to take much of what I do internally and
not really care about any public knowledge of any of the work I do.  Much of what I am working on is for myself and
my own satisfaction.  That said, I decided to start back on square 1 with "ApolloX".  ApolloX from a couple years
ago began to feel too much like Apollo v0.10.  I think I need a fresh codebase.  Right now I have the main emulation
routine down.  I have a basic UI completed in .Net (not sure if it will remain in .net).  And I am starting in on the
CPU.  I am taking a different approach to the CPU this time.  Instead of trying to fix what apollo did before, I am
reading documentation, reading other emulator's interpretation and deciding what needs to be fixed from there.  I hope
over the next few weeks I can keep a status going letting us know how things are going.  So right now... CPU core is at
5%.  On a person level, I've been away so long because I've finally gotten engaged, married and having a child.  I am
sure I am forgiven for being so absent. :)  More to come soon.  I really want to finish this project once in for all.

11:44 PM 10/17/2011 - Status
   I've had a lot of computer trouble until just a couple months ago.  Since then I've been hard at work on a new
version of Apollo which I am calling ApolloX (for now).  I am first going to concentrate on getting released to the
public a new version of my audio plugin.  I am optimizing the plugin for Project64 1.6.  So far it sounds fantastic
with the frame limiter on.  I hope to have something by the end of the week.  I have a few other projects going on
but they are too early to even "blog" about.  Thanks to those who keep encouraging me to continue and getting my
interest going again.  You know who you are. :o)

11:00 PM 4/9/2011 - No title
   Just posting here to say I re-fixed the site.  When Martin moved me the site didn't follow then I got really busy 
with work.  Sorry if the site is still old skool/ugly.  I have made some progress on a new build.  Currently working 
on the UI and likely went overboard.  At this point I think I will just implement a basic menu->file->open and get to 
what I am actually interested in... emulation.  I am also going to remove these old outdated entries since they are no 
longer interesting.

1:56 PM 2/8/2011 – Resurrection
   So I logged into IM and by chance talked to Gent.  He informed me that emutalk and emulation64 has undergone some 
sort of renewal.  Indeed it has.  I have seen people I haven’t seen in years.  I have also reclaimed access to my 
website and will not lose it again. :)  I was thrilled to see a few new faces as well and I welcome them into the 
emulation64 family.  In the coming weeks, I plan to fix the website a bit and see about getting some new development 
uploaded to the site.  I have never been much of a website artist so for now it will remain much of the same, only 
functional.  A lot has happen in the last 5 years but the enjoyment I get out of emulation hasn’t changed.  More to 
come...
